Let's get into doing a slightly different form of Lambda development,
we'll get into the console here.
Before we really talked only about functions that have run alone,
but we're going to create a function that's triggered by an API gateway.
So to do that, I'm going to go through here and call this marcoweb,
and then I'm going to select run time here, Python 3.8.
Next, what I'll do is I'll wait for this to configure ,
and I'm going to build this function that's going to
have a trigger that is a Web service,
and this trigger will be a API gateway service,
so you can see here this is a Lambda_handler,
I'm going to remove this implement,
and then I'm going to select in here,
I'm going to select the word "Polo",
and then I'm going to go ahead and save.
Then the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to
go up here and I'm going to select a trigger,
and this trigger will be this API gateway.
You can see here that there's an existing API or create a new one,
we'll go ahead and create a new one,
let's create a new API here.
Then under here you can see that this says HTTP
API ideal for building REST-based APIs that proxy to Lambda functions.
So we'll go ahead and select this,
and also you'll see that is open,
so anybody can make a request.
Now when I do this,
it'll allow me to now trigger this Lambda function by just clicking on this link.
You can see that I can call it from an API,
I can call for a command line tool,
or I could just click on it.
This will return back Polo.
There you go, and you can see that it returns back Polo.
So that's really the idea here is that,
Lambdas can be triggered either as a standalone function that can talk to S3 services,
or in this case,
you can see that it was triggered via an API gateway.